The team should:

 Create a GitHub repo for your project. In that repo add a "Documentation" folder. In that folder create a document called "Project ideas" (2 points)
 https://github.com/Tallis14/Final-Project-3155/edit/main/Documentation/Project%20ideas
 
Include the name of all of your team members in the document to be submitted (2 points)
Tristan Allison, Ryan Dukats, Johnny Xiong, Orane Richards,

In the "Project Ideas" document  each member of the team needs to do the following tasks:

List the source of and describe at least 1 potential data sets(8 total points)

Tristan Allison: The source is https://data.worldbank.org/ and the data set is the data of world poverty
Ryan Dukats: The source is https://data.nasa.gov/Space-Science/Meteorite-Landings/gh4g-9sfh and is a data set on metorite landings.
Johnny Xiong: The source is https://data.worldbank.org and the data set is on Supply and demand during Covid-19.
Orane Richards:

Identify who your customer/s would  be (8 total points)

Tristan Allison: The customer would be the united nations.
Ryan Dukats: The customers would be astronomers and scientists
Johnny Xiong: The customers would be Businesses & Consumers.
Orane Richards: 

Describe the problem that  the  proposed project solves and justify its need (10 total points)
Tristan Allison: The problem that the proposed project would sove is where countries should give aid.
Ryan Dukats:  The problem that the proposed project could solve is determining where meteorites are most likely to land
Johnny Xiong: The problem that the proposed project would solve is where businesses and consumers should focus on their priorites without crashing/affecting the market economy.
Orane Richards:

State the product vision and how your web based project would be useful to society (8 points)
Tristan Allison: The product vision would be to solve poverty one country at a time, and it would be useful to society because it would raise the quality of life for a large portion of the population.
Ryan Dukats: The product vision would be to predict where future meteorites may fall and use that prediction to help track and find future meteors for recovery 
Johnny Xiong: Our product vision justifies the economical impact that Covid-19 brought upon people that equates to the surplus of supply and demand. By providing informational data, this would reveal which products/items were in high demand and which items were not during the pandemic. This area in research would not only help solve the deficiencies in supply but also the consumers who were impacted from it.
Orane Richards:

Identify the major features of each of the proposed projects (12 total points)
Tristan Allison: The major features would be taking the data provided and splitting it into the location within the country and use that to know where to target to improve the quality of life.
Ryan Dukats:The major features of the proposed project would be taking the data and sorting by geolocation and projecting a heat map of the most common landing locations and their size
Johnny Xiong: The major features intend to showcase the top highest demanded products/items that drove the economy parabolic during the pandemic and use that information to inform businesses & consumers the importance of why prices are always so high when there's high demand and vice versa.
Orane Richards:

